Stabilise disable minification (#56359)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/unstable-features.md

Public items that are not documented can be seen with the built-in `missing_docs` lint. Private
items that are not documented can be seen with Clippy's `missing_docs_in_private_items` lint.

> ### `disable-minification`: prevent minification of CSS and JS files

Reviewer: This should be in the "Command-line arguments" chapter, not the "Unstable features" chapter, if we're stabilizing the flag.

> By default, all JS and CSS files are minified in order to make them smaller. However, it's also a lot harder to read them. This feature allows you to prevent it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all JS and CSS files are minified in order to make them smaller. However,
sometimes there are bugs in the minification process, or the files are harder to read
when this happens. Passing this flag to rustdoc skips the minifier, passing the original
JS and CSS all the way into the final output.
```
